Whats new PUBLISH: NOON 06/24 nvidia nim ai monitoring (#17748)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/whats-new/2024/06/whats-new-06-24-nvidianim.md

---
title: 'New Relic AI monitoring now integrates with NVIDIA NIM inference microservices'
summary: 'Troubleshoot and optimize your AI apps built with NVIDIA NIM using in-depth insights across the AI stack'
releaseDate: '2024-06-24'

> learnMoreLink: 'https://newrelic.com/blog/nerdlog/nvidia-nim-ai-monitoring'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learnMoreLink: 'https://newrelic.com/blog/how-to-relic/ai-monitoring-for-nvidia-nim'
```
